Catelyn will release Tyrion and you'll
make your peace with Jaime he butchered
my men we'll talk when I return from the
hunt you'll have to sit on the throne
while I'm away you'll hate it more than
I do inform Tywin Lannister that he has
been summoned to court to answer for the
crimes of his bannermen he will arrive
within the fortnight or be branded an
enemy of the crown and a traitor to the
realm where is the King's justice I am
accused and demand a trial you demanded
a trial by combat us down for the dwarf
I know this little man this little man
is going home he'll be the greatest King
that ever was a golden lion and I'll
give him sons with beautiful blond hair
the Lions not his sigil idiot he's a
stag like his father he is not he's
nothing like that old drunk King Lord
orys Baratheon black of hair
axel Baratheon black of hair
Robert Baratheon black of hair
Joffrey Baratheon
Golden Hat
I want what I came for I want the crown
he promised me a crown for King
here's no dragon fire cannot kill the
dragon I know the truth Jon Arryn died
for do you love your children with all
my heart no more than I love mine I'm
they're all jealous when you play the
game of Thrones you win or you die
Robert we are hunting a bull I hereby
command Eddard of House Stark to rule in
my stead until my son Joffrey comes of
age
Jon Snow Lord Commander Mormont has
requested you for his personal steward
it wants to groom you for command what's
he got there to me ghost for you to you
will sail to Dragonstone tonight you
will place this in the hand of Stannis
Baratheon I need the gold clogs the city
watch is 2,000 strong and sworn to
defend the King's peace when the Queen
proclaims one king and the hand
proclaims another whose peace do the
gold cloaks protect all is accomplished
the city watch is yours good all hail
His grace Joffrey of houses Baratheon
and Lannister first of his name king of
the Andals of the first men your son has
no claim to the throne
sir Barristan seize this traitor you
think he stands alone
to trim all of them like regard it
commander men of the watch I want no
bloodshed I did warn you not to trust me
arias dark come with us for father wants
to see you
kill the Braavosi bring the girl are you
a child we are done with dancing for the
day one of my daughters the younger one
seems to have escaped the castle and
sinister still engaged to Joffrey Cersei
will keep her close the rest of your
household though all dead it grieves me
to say it it's also without a doubt the
other ones jafer flowers my lord less
the hand the wolf tore off
we twist by white walkers that's why
they came back that's why their eyes
turned blue
only fire will stop them treason His
grace summons me to King's Landing I'll
go to King's Landing a lot alone call
the banners but on Geonosis
his wound must be washed and sewn or it
will Fester if I go to King's Landing
him bend my knee to Joffrey would never
be allowed to leave no our best hope our
only hope is that you couldn't afflict
them in the field
please your grace I ask mercy for my
father Lord Eddard Stark
your sweet words have moved me but your
father has to confess he has to confess
and say that I'm the king we need to
cross the Trident and we need to do it
now but the father would do whatever it
took to secure our crossing whatever it
took him Lord Walder has granted to your
crossing you will marry one of his
daughters then I consent
Oh John
he will die tonight Khaleesi in comment
he can't I won't let him and now you
must save him he's beyond the healers
skills
there is a spell some would say death is
cleaner you heard I hear we won the
scouts were wrong there were 2,000 stark
bannermen not 20,000 here where was he
with his other 18,000 men
by the time they knew what was happening
it already happened ladies dog I come
before you to confess my treason Joffrey
Baratheon is the one true heir to the
Iron Throne so long as I am your king
treason shall never go unpunished
sir Ilyn bring me his head
they have your sisters we have to get
the girls back and then we will kill
them all there sits the only King I mean
to bend my knee to turn on and off you
will go to King's Landing and do what
rule you will serve as hand of the King
in my stead
the boy did not have her where is Khal
Drogo show him to me you asked for life
you paid for life this is not life when
will he be as he was
adding the orphan boy no one asks an
orphan too many questions
there's nobody gives three shits what's
your name
Ari it's a thousand leagues from here to
the wall and winter is coming because I
want you and your wolf with us when we
ride out beyond the wall tomorrow the
Nights Watch will ride in force against
the wildlings the White Walkers whatever
else is out there so lonely ask you once
Lord snow
au a brother of the Nights Watch or a
bastard boy who wants to play in war
[Music]